RELEASE Create README (#14)
XINGMobile/Heimdall: readme/docs/architecture.md

# Architecture

> The project consist on one module with multiple sources: `common`, `ios` and `jvm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project consist of three main modules: `[common](https://github.com/XINGMobile/Heimdall/tree/main/src/commonMain/kotlin/com/xing/heimdall)`, `[ios](https://github.com/XINGMobile/Heimdall/tree/main/src/iosMain/kotlin/com/xing/heimdall)` and `[jvm](https://github.com/XINGMobile/Heimdall/tree/main/src/commonTest/kotlin/com/xing/heimdall)`.
```

> All the logic is in the `common` source directory, structured in the following layers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main logic is located in the directory [`commonMain`](https://github.com/XINGMobile/Heimdall/tree/main/src/commonMain/kotlin/com/xing/heimdall) and is structured in the following layers:
```

> * [Data](#data)
> * [Domain](#domain)
> * [TestEnvironment](#testenvironment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Data Layer](#data)
* [Domain Layer](#domain)
* [TestEnvironment Layer](#testenvironment)
```

> ## Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data Layer
```

### Dependencies

> This layer relies on **Ktor** to communicate with the Xingboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data layer relies on **Ktor** to communicate with the Xingboxes.
```
